docs: clean up some rolling updates stuff (#15762)
apache/druid: docs/operations/rolling-updates.md

following order:

> 1. Historical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Historicals
```

2. Middle Manager and Indexers (if any)

> 3. Broker
> 4. Routers
> 5. Overlord (Note that you can upgrade the Overlord before any MiddleManager processes if you use [autoscaling-based replacement](#autoscaling-based-replacement).)

Reviewer: Not sure which one reads better (singular/plural form consistency):
```suggestion
3. Brokers
4. Routers
5. Overlords (Note that you can upgrade the Overlords before any MiddleManagers if you use [autoscaling-based replacement](#autoscaling-based-replacement).)
```

Author: Singular since the intro sentence uses "processes"
